Privacy policy of fortrabbit
============================

last reviewed on February 12th, 2016

We treat your personal data in accordance with all applicable laws. The personal data and all information provided by our clients regarding legal matters are protected by the strict German attorney client privilege. All other personal data gathered by us are protected under federal German law, in particular the Federal Data Protection Act ("Bundesdatenschutzgesetz", BDSG) and the Telemedia Act ("Telemediengesetz", TMG). All our employees are bound to these laws, too.


Statistics using Google Analytics
---------------------------------

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies” (see below) to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case IP-anonymisation is activated on this website, your IP address will be truncated within the area of Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases the whole IP address will be first transfered to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. The IP-anonymisation is active on this website. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing them other services relating to website activity and internet usage. The IP-address, that your Browser conveys within the scope of Google Analytics, will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics with effect for the future by downloading and installing Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Addon for your current web browser.


Remarketing & tracking
----------------------

This website uses Google AdWords and probably other remarketing/tracking services such as Twitter to advertise on third party websites to previous website visitors. This could be used to advertise previous visitors. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network or other places. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone's past visits to the our website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google's privacy policy.


Cookies
-------

fortrabbit makes use of cookies as well. When you visit a company web site, fortrabbit servers send a cookie to your computer. Alone, cookies do not personally identify you. You remain anonymous, unless you choose to identify yourself to fortrabbit, either by responding to a promotional offer, registering an Account, or filling out a Web form.

fortrabbit may uses session-based and persistent-based cookies. Session cookies persist during a browser session. They disappear when closing or quiting the browser. Persistent cookies remain after closing or quiting browser. If you disable the web browsers ability to accept cookies, functionality of the services may be affected, and you may not be able to successfully use the services. 

If you have chosen to identify yourself to fortrabbit via registration, session cookies containing encrypted information to identify you are used. Each time you log into the services, a session cookie containing an encrypted, unique identifier that is tied to your account is placed your browser. Session cookies allow to identify you and to process your online transactions and requests. Cookies are required to use the services.

fortrabbit uses persistent cookies that only the company can read and use to identify browsers that have previously visited the company's web site. When you purchase services or provide the company with personal information, a unique identifier is assigned you. This unique identifier is associated with a persistent cookie that the company places on your web browser. The company is careful about the security and confidentiality of the information stored in persistent cookies. If you disable your web browser's ability to accept cookies, you will be able to navigate the company's web site, but you will not be able to successfully use the services.

fortrabbit may use information from session and persistent cookies in combination with data about fortrabbit clients.


JavaScript
----------

If you disable JavaScript, some features of the fortrabbit web sites may not function properly.



IP addresses
------------

fortrabbit web sites collect your internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to track and aggregate non-personal information and for security reasons. For example, fortrabbit uses IP addresses to guess a currency based on your location.


Registration
------------

When registering with fortrabbit personal data will be collected, namely your e-mail address. The data collected is used exclusively to grant you access and contact you in relevant circumstances.



Your rights
-----------

You have the right to ask us about your personal data stored with us. You have the right to get incorrect information corrected or blocked or deleted. You can revoke the right to use personal data for advertising purposes at any time. If you want to make use of your rights as described before, please send us a letter (haha).